Previously on Vampire Diaries:
- You must be Elena.
- How do we look exactly alike?
You're a doppelganger,
the key to breaking the curse.
Sun and the moon curse?
- Klaus is real.
- First generation vampire.
The oldest vampire in the history
of time is coming after me?
- Elijah.
- One of the Originals, a legend.
That's it. As long as we keep
the dagger there, he stays dead.
Elijah had no weapon to kill Klaus.
He believed that if a witch could channel
enough power, it wouldn't need one.
Like the power you get
from a hundred dead witches.
Says if you use too much powers,
it'll kill you.
- How much to kill an Original?
- All of it.
- I'm a vampire.
- I don't wanna know.
Tell me what I can do.
I drank vervain,
asked her to take it away.
I want you to tell me everything
she said.
I found my way to someone
in his trusted circle.
One of Klaus' witches.
He's all yours.
I have Katherine and the moonstone.
Klaus has everything he needs for now.
Alaric?
Katerina, I have missed you.
Klaus.
Who is this guy, Safari Sam?
Okay, bad or badder?
- The dark colors suit you better.
- Oh, thank you, honey.
Okay, pop quiz.
The dagger and white ash
are in the Salvatore's possession?
The dagger was used to kill Elijah.
You'll find him in the basement
of the house.
Okay, that dagger needs to stay
exactly where it is.
The last thing I need to do
is resurrect Elijah.
Oh, that guy is a buzz kill.
You're on the outs with Jenna.
Right, Elena's aunt.
For, uh, all the lies about Isobel.
- What else?
- That's it.
Oh, so jumpy.
Please just kill me.
I've told you everything that I know.
You see, I believe
that you believe that.
But what would you not know?
What could they be keeping from you?
Hmm?
Anything?
Tell me.
They were trying to see
if Bonnie could find a way...
...to kill an Original without a dagger.
Bonnie the best friend?
You said she didn't have
her powers anymore.
She doesn't or didn't. I don't know.
You kidnapped me.
I'm kind of out of the loop.
Well, we'll have to get
to the bottom of that.
Just kill me, Klaus,
and be done with it.
And show you kindness?
I've searched for you
for over 500 years.
Your death is going to last
at least half that long.
Now, I want you to take this knife...
...and stab yourself.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Now, take it out.
Now, while I'm gone, I want you
to do that over and over and over again.
And if you get bored, switch legs.
Where are you going?
I'm gonna go lay eyes
on my precious doppelganger.
Oh, don't look so glum, Katerina.
The fun is just beginning.
Again.
- Please sign here and here.
- Okay.
So this place is all yours?
They just gave it to you?
For now.
As sole owner, I'm the only one who can
invite a certain type of person in here.
- Your own personal safe house.
- That's the idea.
Wouldn't wanna clean it.
You really think Bonnie
can take on Klaus?
She said she'd channel
enough witch's power to kill him.
Elijah thought that would work
and he was an Original, so...
- We just need to find him.
- Yeah.
Could she do one
of those witch tracking spells?
Nope. Not without something
that belongs to Klaus.
Believe me, I already asked.
Do you think he killed her?
Katherine?
Probably.
It's not like she didn't have it coming.
Yeah.
Thank you, Mr. Henry.
I'm sorry. I completely forgot.
Stefan.
Would you like to come
inside my house?
I would love to.
Thank you.
- What are we, 12?
- One of us is.
If I let you in, do you promise
to obey the owner of this house?
- No.
- Seriously, Damon.
My way. You promised.
I call the shots.
No lies, no secret agendas.
Remember?
Yes, Elena. Sure.
Then please, come in.
Shut up.
- Thanks.
- Wait, where are you going?
To school.
No, no. We didn't create a safe house
for you to leave it.
Yeah, guys, Klaus is out there.
We know that.
Right. But where?
No one knows.
Look, I really appreciate
what you guys are doing.
I'll be able to sleep at night
knowing that I'll be safe here...
...but I'm not gonna be a prisoner.
Your way, Elena.
Don't worry, I'm ready.
If he shows his face, I can take him.
Know how.
The way I see it, next to Bonnie
is the safest place that I can be.
Come on.
Wait, I'm coming.
- Caroline left early for school.
- I know. I came to see you.
I don't know what to do.
What to say, how to act.
You can't let on that you know.
- She wants me to take her to the dance.
- Take her.
I'll never get away with it.
She'll figure it out.
Oh, damn it, Matt, just do it.
She's my daughter. She's my baby.
- I just... I need some time.
- I know, but...
Look, if what Caroline told you is true,
she's not the only one.
The Salvatores are vampires.
The Gilbert family is in on it.
- Tyler Lockwood is God knows what.
- A werewolf.
There's no one in this town I can trust.
I just need to take a beat
and figure out what to do.
That'll never fool her.
Yes, you will.
As far as she knows,
you don't remember anything.
Buy me some time. Please, Matt.
Hello, class.
What are we learning today?
With the decade dance,
we've been covering the '60s all week.
Right. The '60s.
The, uh, ahem...
The '60s...
I wish there was something good
I could say about the '60s, but...
They kind of sucked. Except for
the Beatles. They made it bearable.
Uh, what else was there?
The Cuban missile thing, the, uh...
We walked on the moon.
- There was Watergate.
- Watergate was the '70s, Ric.
I mean, Mr. Saltzman.
Right. It kind of mushes together
up here, the '60s, '70s.
Thank you, Elena.
- Hey, Dana.
- Hey.
- Can you take care of these?
- Sure.
Thanks.
Hi.
What was that for?
Just practicing for tonight.
So I found a suit
if you still want me to be JFK tonight.
Perfect.
Did you tell Elena what it's gonna take
to do that Klaus spell?
No, and you're not either.
- She's gotta know you can't do it.
- We don't know I can't. Have faith.
That's not fair.
You can't harness the power
of a hundred dead witches. It'll kill you.
Shh. We don't know that for certain.
You promised to keep my secret,
I'm trusting you.
I'm going through with this
and if you tell anyone...
What? What are you gonna do?
Hey, Jer. How you doing?
Are you okay at the house alone
with John?
It's not ideal.
You haven't heard from Jenna?
It looks like she's staying on campus.
Look, I'm, uh... I'm late for class.
- What's going on?
- I told him he had to dress up...
...and he got all uptight.
- Ha, ha.
Hey, Elena, there you are.
Okay. This is gonna sound freaky...
...but this totally hot guy
just asked me to ask you...
...if you're going to the dance tonight.
Tell him she has a boyfriend.
You could at least meet him.
He'll be at the dance tonight.
Look for him. His name is Klaus.
I'm sorry, what did you just say?
His name's Klaus.
I know the name's stupid,
but I swear he's hot.
Where is he? Is he here?
I don't know.
She's been compelled.
But he wants to know if you'll save him
the last dance. How cute is that?
So we go to the dance and find him.
How are we gonna do that?
We don't know what he looks like.
He's not gonna be 16 and pimply.
He could be anywhere at any time.
He compelled somebody at school.
This is not as safe
as you guys thought, huh?
There you are.
Sorry I'm late.
Put me down as a chaperone
at the dance tonight.
Klaus made his first move.
Okay, so we find him and then what? Hmm?
What's our plan of attack?
Me.
I'm the plan. He has no idea
how much power I can channel.
If you can find him, I can kill him.
That's not gonna be that easy.
I mean, he is the biggest,
baddest vampire around.
Alaric has a point.
I mean, what if he...?
Well, I was impressed.
It doesn't matter if he's an Original.
I can take down anyone
who comes at me.
I can kill him, Elena.
I know I can.
Ah, you're right.
This witch is all juiced up
and aiming to kill.
That's terrible.
We're gonna have to kill her, Maddox.
Now, do you think this Alaric guy
has anything vintage?
Crossbows, wooden bullets
and automatics?
- Who is this guy, again?
- He's the local vampire hunter.
Ah. Well, that explains the clothing.
All I could find.
Guy likes his bourbon.
I knew there was something about him
I liked.
There's a high school dance...
...and I'm gonna need you
to take out the witch bitch.
If she has that much power,
she can sense me coming.
I won't be able to get near her.
You have to do it.
In this body?
I'm a haggard history teacher.
She can easily hurt me.
I mean, not me, Klaus me,
but you know what I mean.
No witch could handle channeling
that much power.
It'll kill her. It would kill me.
You have to make her use it.
You mean like provoking her to death?
It won't take long.
Just keep attacking her until it kills her.
His body, Alaric's,
will last longer than hers will.
How? He's human.
I can help in that department.
I can do a spell to protect you.
There you are. You almost missed me.
How do I look?
- Jackie O?
- Ha, ha. Duh.
- You look good.
- Thanks.
Is everything okay?
Uh, just some work stress.
Well, you work too much.
- Mr. President.
- Hey.
Hi.
- Sheriff.
- Sorry.
- Have fun.
- We will.
- Bye.
Your relatives were such pack rats.
Okay, so, what do you think?
Twiggy or sexy hippy?
Ooh.
You know it's not too late
to back out, right?
And what, miss out on all the fun?
Hey.
All this time
I spent worrying about Klaus...
...and I think I convinced myself
that he's not real.
But he is.
And tonight...
...we will put an end to him.
I love you.
I want you to tell me that
when the night's over.
Any time tonight.
Well, I got a silly little girl
She's on my mind
Look at her
She looks so fine
She's the best girl I've ever had
Except that she's gonna make me
Feel so sad
Hush, hush
Nice outfit, Mr. Saltzman.
Totally far out.
Thank you, Dana. Thank you.
Now, who is your date?
Chad, Mr. Saltzman, from third period.
Chad, of course.
How would you and your friends
like, uh, to earn a little extra credit?
Wait.
Look, I, um, want you to have this.
If you're asking me to go steady,
that was the '50s.
No, I'm serious, Bonnie.
- The ring won't work on me.
- But it was made by a witch.
To protect from the supernatural,
not for someone who is.
Well, I have to do something.
I can't just let you get yourself killed.
Just because dead witches gave me
a warning doesn't mean I'm gonna die.
So you're saying there's a fifty-fifty shot
you won't?
Look, I'm sorry...
...but you know I don't have the
best luck in the girlfriend department.
Hey.
Listen, l... I can't explain it,
but I can feel them.
I'm empowered, Jeremy. I can do this.
I know I can.
I'm strong enough.
Damon.
Evening.
Hey, you two. Oh, you look nice.
You too.
You guys ready to do this?
Because it's hard for me
My baby
Thanks for being here, everybody.
We have a special shout-out tonight.
This is for Elena.
From Klaus.
This is dedicated to the one I love
- This is dedicated
- To the one I love
This is dedicated
That was a lame, cheap shot.
He's just trying to bait us.
I know everyone here.
Maybe he's not here.
He just wants us to believe that he is.
It's a party, people. Blend.
- Let him come to us.
- Good idea.
- No, no, I really don't feel like dancing.
- Too bad.
There's Ric.
I'll be back.
Well?
We were out on a date
In my daddy's car
Special dedication, huh?
This guy's a little twisted.
- I'm not impressed.
- No?
Let me know if you see anything
out of whack.
A car was stalled
The engine was dead
I couldn't stop
So I swerved to the right
I'll never forget the sound that night
The screaming tires
And the busted glass
The painful scream that I heard last
Caroline's here. They don't know.
We have to tell her.
- I'm on it.
- Oh, where, oh, where could my baby be?
The Lord took her away from me
- How you doing?
- Um...
Freaking out a bit. You?
Cool as a cucumber.
Come on,
remember the last decade dance?
The vampires were all, "aah!"
And you were all, "aah!"
Right, and we won.
Yes, we did.
There were people standing all around
- You're good at this.
- I've got moves you've never seen.
- Dance with me.
- I'm a really bad dancer.
I know better than that.
She looked at me and said:
"Hold me, darlin'
Just a little while"
I held her close
What?
You look really pretty tonight.
Hey, guys.
- Hey.
- Hey, what's up?
Hey. Do you mind if I steal your date
for a moment?
No, not all.
I'II, uh, get us something to drink.
Thanks. Hey.
What's wrong?
Klaus is here.
- What?
- Yeah.
- Where?
- We have no idea.
But keep your eye out for anything
that might look weird, okay?
She's gone to heaven
So I gotta be good
- May I?
- So I can see my baby
When I leave this world
You heard Jeremy and me talking,
didn't you?
- Is it true?
- Yes.
The part about you having a fifty-fifty
shot of surviving? Is that true?
He was upset.
I didn't want him to worry.
So you lay it all out on the line for Elena,
no matter what.
- No matter what.
- Good.
- You can't tell her.
- Your secret's safe with me.
But, I mean, with all that power,
is there no way to increase your odds?
Oh, where, oh, where could my baby be?
Careful, Damon.
I might start to think you actually care.
We wouldn't want that.
She's gone to heaven
So I gotta be good
So I can see my baby...
What are they up to?
Who knows?
Is there something going on, Jer?
Are you okay?
Fine.
I'm fine.
Hey, everything all right?
I'm not sure.
Jeremy.
What are you doing?
Elena thinks we should stick together.
Yeah, I'm fine. I've got my ring.
It's... It's Bonnie.
What is it?
Hey, you got something
on your mind, spit it out.
If Bonnie takes on Klaus...
...channeling all that energy's
gonna kill her.
What?
But she doesn't want Elena to know
because she's gonna try to stop her.
And it's Elena
that could turn up dead, so...
What am I supposed to do?
Look at the way
I gotta hide what I'm doin'
'Cause what would they say
If they ever knew and so we're
Runnin'just as fast as we can
Oh, yeah.
Holdin' onto one another's hand
I need to talk to you.
Trying to get away into the night
And then I put my arms around you
And you tumble...
Come here. Tell me you didn't know
that Bonnie was on a suicide mission.
Great. Jeremy told you
and, of course, you told Elena.
I told her.
You promised her no more secrets.
I changed my mind.
- How could you not tell me?
- Because I knew how'd you react.
- No. No way, it's not an option.
- It's our only option.
Then we'll find another way, okay?
Bonnie, you're not dying
to save my life.
I have the power to save you.
If I don't use it and something happens,
that would kill me.
I can't let you.
Just answer one question.
If the situation was reversed...
...would you do it for me?
So you know why I have to.
No. No.
What's going on, guys?
You okay, Gilbert?
You don't look so good.
Dude, seriously?
Wrong day, wrong guy.
Hey, idiots.
Let me guess. Klaus says hi.
Don't kill him. He's compelled.
- So?
- So the whole thing's a distraction.
Go find Bonnie and Elena.
I got this. Go.
Elena.
- What is it?
- He has Jeremy.
- What?
- Yeah, Klaus has Jeremy. Come on.
- Okay, so where are you taking us?
- Just a little further.
Wait.
- Something's not right.
- Where's Jeremy?
I just had to get away from that dance.
The '60s. Ugh.
Not my decade. Ha, ha.
I mean, whose call was that, anyway?
I much prefer the '20s.
You know, the style, the parties, the jazz.
Alaric.
Are you on vervain?
Now, why would you ask me
that question, Elena?
- He's being compelled.
- Nope. Try again.
What's going on?
Okay, I'll give you a hint.
I am not Alaric.
- Klaus.
- Surprise.
Oh, no.
No, it's not possible.
Just relax, Elena.
I'm not here to hurt you.
You're not on my hit list tonight.
But you are.
Now, did I mention
that I know a witch?
You're gonna have to hit me
a lot harder than that.
By all means, fire away.
If you kill this body,
I'll just get a new one.
- Maybe Jeremy.
- Go. Run. Run.
- What happened?
- Klaus is in Alaric's body.
- What?
- He's possessing it or something.
- Go find Stefan. Now.
- Okay.
Now.
- Can you kill him?
- He's got some protection spell.
You have the power
of a hundred witches. Break it.
I'm trying. If I kill Alaric,
he'll just possess someone else.
He knows I have my power, Damon.
He's trying to kill me.
No. Klaus does not get to win tonight,
no way.
You still willing to do
whatever it takes to kill him?
With a love, oh, so true
And a hand that I can hold
Hey, are you okay?
Um, yeah. I'm just...
I'm looking for Stefan.
Seriously, what's wrong?
Uh, just... Just, um, stay with Matt, okay?
- What was that about?
- Oh, uh, you know, just same old drama.
What took you so long?
Now, do you wanna do this
the, uh, easy way or the hard way?
The hard way.
Got it.
What? Would you kill
your favorite history teacher?
It's what Alaric would want.
And he'd want you to suffer first.
Look at you. Ha, ha.
Is that all you got?
Let's find out.
- There you are.
- What are you doing?
- Where's Bonnie?
- She's doing what she has to do.
- What?
- Where is she?
- Stefan, let her do this.
- Damn it, where is she?
Bonnie, no!
Die!
Aah!
Bonnie?
No!
Bonnie, Bonnie.
Bonnie, Bonnie, hey, hey.
Stefan, she's not breathing.
Stefan. Stefan, I can't find her pulse,
Stefan.
Do something, please.
Stefan, please. Just give her blood,
do something, please.
It's too late. I'm sorry.
No. No.
No, no, no.
Bonnie. Bonnie, please, no.
Stefan, get Elena out of here.
I'll deal with the body.
- Deal with it?
- The sheriff can't know about this.
Last thing we need
is a mysterious death.
This is Bonnie.
Get her home. Now.
So I can clean this up.
Hey, hey, hey.
No. Jeremy.
Oh, my God, Jeremy.
What about Jeremy?
- I'll find him.
- No.
Damon. Hey, I got your message.
I can't find anyone.
Where's Elena, where's Bonnie?
We need to have a little talk.
Hey.
Here, drink this.
- I can't.
- Yeah.
Yeah, you can. Please drink this.
- This is my fault.
- No, no, no.
No. Hey.
This was Klaus. Listen to me.
Klaus did this.
- What did you do with her?
- Will you please calm her down?
Don't talk like I'm not standing
right in front of you.
Please calm down.
You knew. Didn't you?
You knew that if she harnessed all that
power, she would die, didn't you?
Yes.
Yes, I knew.
You need to listen to me and prepare
for what I'm about to say.
Bonnie had to die.
Klaus using Alaric's body
was a total surprise.
She wasn't prepared for that.
And he wasn't going to stop.
And we weren't gonna be able
to stop him until he knew she was dead.
He had to believe it.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
She cast a spell.
Bonnie's okay.
You know, you could have told me.
How do I know when you're gonna go
blabbing things to your girlfriend?
You understand
what you put her through?
See? That's why I didn't tell you.
Because you would have never been able
to do it.
Don't get me wrong, Stefan.
I don't mind being the bad guy.
I'll make all
the life-and-death decisions...
...while you're busy worrying
about collateral damage.
I'll even let her hate me for it.
But at the end of the day,
I'll be the one to keep her alive.
- You sure it's safe here?
- Yeah, I'm sure.
- What is that?
- It is MiFi.
If we're gonna be stuck here,
we might as well have Internet.
You don't have to stay down here
with me.
Hey, look, I'm not letting you
out of my sight.
I need you to talk to Elena for me.
Tell her how sorry I am
for what Damon and I had to do.
Well, uh...
...why don't you tell her yourself?
- Bonnie.
- Elena.
Elena. Elena, I'm so sorry.
It's okay, it's okay.
I just needed to see you myself.
There wasn't enough time
for me to tell you.
It's okay, seriously.
Damon explained it all.
Ugh. Look...
...Klaus had to think she was dead.
Your reaction had to be real.
I understand why you did
what you did.
Klaus was fooled and Bonnie's alive.
Here's to duplicity.
But let's get one thing straight,
Damon.
Bonnie will not die for me,
I will not let that happen.
We need to kill Klaus, Elena.
Real Klaus. Who will probably be coming
to pay you a visit soon...
...now that he knows
that Bonnie's dead.
She's the only one who can do it.
We'll find another way.
I hope so.
Look, I shouldn't have hit you.
Apology accepted.
Let me be clear about something.
If it comes down to you and the witch
again, I will gladly let Bonnie die.
I will always choose you.
Good night, Damon.
Good night.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org